Polls june 6 2022 (#1797)
makerdao/community: governance/polls/Prioritization Sentiment - Technical Resource Deployment - June 6, 2022.md

---
title: Prioritization Sentiment - Technical Resource Deployment - June 6, 2022

> summary: Rank your Techical Resourse Priority Sentiment to indicate where you believe MakerDAO should be focusing resources. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: Rank your Technical Resource Priority Sentiment to indicate where you believe MakerDAO should be focusing resources. 
```

discussion_link: https://forum.makerdao.com/t/prioritization-framework-sentiment-polling/15554
vote_type: Ranked Choice IRV
categories:
   - Misc Governance

>    - Priority Sentiment

Reviewer 2: You will need to include this on the tags sheet as well - categories here are no longer read.

options:
   0: Abstain

>    1: Flapper Distributor

Reviewer 2: Really not sure we should include this, but whatever works.

   2: Sagittarius Engine
   3: Collateral Onboarding
   4: Compound D3M
   5: Term Lending Module (TLM)
   6: Maker Teleport
   7: DssKiln
   8: DssSnog
   9: DssGate
   10: Target Price Adjustment Module (Vox)
   11: ESM Simulations
   12: Returning "Lost" DAI
start_date: 2022-06-06T16:00:00
end_date: 2022-07-04T16:00:00
---
# Poll: Prioritization Sentiment - Technical Resource Deployment - June 6, 2022

The Governance Facilitators have placed a Priority Sentiment Poll into the voting system on behalf of MKR holders. This Governance [Poll](https://community-development.makerdao.com/en/learn/governance/on-chain-gov) will be active for 4 weeks beginning on Monday, June 6 at 16:00 UTC.

**This is an instant-runoff vote.** 
- **You may rank any number of options that you would support for priority consideration.** 

> - **Unranked options signal that you would not support the option(s) for priority consideration.**

Reviewer: Same comment as above re: wording

- **If you have no priority preference to any of the listed options, you should vote 'Abstain' as your first and only choice.**

## Review

The community can vote in this poll to rank their support of the following options:
- [Flapper Distributor](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/flapperdistributor-a-way-to-distribute-system-surplus-while-minimizing-governance/4591) - A way to split revenue and direct it toward different causes, like buyback/burn and filling the surplus buffer simultaneously. 

> - [Sagittarius Engine](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/sagittarius-engine/10852) - Tokenomics design from Rune, including staking MKR and the ability for those with MKR staked to borrow against it.

Reviewer: So things like Sagittarius Engine have never been voted on, I guess we need to include somewhere that this would entail someone crafting a proposal to go to a vote if prioritized rather than technical work

Author: Added a line to this and Flapper, worded so it wouldnt apply to the Dss Modules. We'll see what people think :)
